I think about food literally all day every day. It's a thing.
You can't be in love with a Google search.
When I figured out how to work my grill, it was quite a moment. I discovered that summer is a completely different experience when you know how to grill.
I'm always worried about everything. Like spiders.
The worst kind of person is someone who makes someone feel bad, dumb or stupid for … being excited about something. I don't think you should ever have to apologise for your excitement just because something's cliche doesn't mean it's not something that's awesome.
Learn to live alongside cringe. No matter how hard you try to avoid being cringe, you will look back on your life and cringe retrospectively. Cringe is unavoidable over a lifetime.
I'm not asleep my mind is ALIVE!
Let your heart remain breakable, but never by the same hands twice.
The sad news is you're on your own now but the cool news is you're on your own.
Because my ass is located at the back of my body. ;kinda lewd
Hard things will happen to us. We will recover.
I literally died. I literally just died dead and I couldn't breathe anymore, and so I died, rest in peace me, R.I.P. me hashtag. ;death mentioned
Yes Whale!!
I want to still have a sharp pen and a thin skin and an open heart.
Why can we eat salad… but not grass?
I wanna love glitter and also stand up for the double standards that exist in our society. I wanna wear pink, and tell you how I feel about politics.
Ghosts?
stars do u like dem
You're irritated that I'm being myself. You're gonna talk about me because I'm being myself. You're gonna make things up about me because I'm being myself. So I'm just gonna be myself more.
I'm intimidated by the fear of being average.
It’s not about how to survive the storm it’s about how to dance in the rain.
Being fearless isn’t having no fears it’s having fears but jumping anyway.
If you're horrible to me, I'm going to write a song about it, and you won't like it. That's how I operate
People haven't always been there for me, but music always has.
You can't spell cats without TS
Are you allergic to awesomeness?
I think that you can love people without it being the great love.
My imagination is a twisted place.
I think I am smart unless I am really, really in love, and then I am ridiculously stupid.
My ultimate goal is to end up being happy. Most of the time.
I second-guess and overthink and rethink every single thing that I do.
Love is the one wild card.
No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
I've apparently been the victim of growing up, which apparently happens to all of us at one point or another.
I've always been a hugger. If we all hugged more, the world would be a better place.
I've found time can heal most anything and you just might find who you're supposed to be.
There are two different categories of love. The first category is called a fairytale. The second category of love is called just another lesson.
I love you like I love sparkles and having the last word. And that's real love.
Don’t worry. You may think you’ll never get over it. But you also thought it would last forever.
You Could Lose Your Hand, You Could Lose Your Foot. You Could Lose Your Hand Getting It Off Your Foot! I Don’t Like Sea Urchins. ;injury
They Were Like Oh My God She’s Going To Defeat Thanos. I Let Everyone Down… Again!
When I See A Kid Throwing A Massive Tantrum In A Grocery Store, Part Of Me Is Like 'Man I Feel You.'
I Find It Funny Thinking About If I Were To Have A Party For All The Songwriters On That Song. Because It Would Just Be Me.
I Am A Doctor Now, So I Know How Breathing Works.
Get out of my house!
I wanna thank every single person in this room who decided NOT to run up on stage and interrupt my speech.
Seagulls they uh they fly uh they were here in the 80's, they're also here now.
Even if you’re happy with the life you’ve chosen, you’re still curious about the other options.
Anything you put your mind to and add your imagination into can make your life a lot better and a lot more fun.
When I’m 40 and nobody wants to see me in a sparkly dress anymore, I’ll be like: ‘Cool, I’ll just go in the studio and write songs for kids.’
No matter what happens in life, be good to people. Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind.
We should love, not fall in love, because everything that falls, gets broken.
Never never never compare yourself to the beautiful girls. There's always someone gorgeous who will make you feel like you're not. It's a total confidence buster!
The words. I love words. I love to write. Being an artist is what I love.
Lady gagas "hair" is my theme song.
I realized that I have very long arms so I can take the perfect arm-length picture with fans.
